Chore: Update UI instructions for new UI workflows (#5205)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dedicated-cloud-gateways/production-readiness.md

{% details %}
summary: "**How to verify in {{site.konnect_short_name}}**"
content: |
  1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, click **API Gateway**.
  2. Select your Dedicated Cloud Gateway.

>   3. Select the **Custom Domains** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Click the **Custom Domains** tab.
```
for consistency

{% details %}
summary: "**How to verify in {{site.konnect_short_name}}**"
content: |
  1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, click **API Gateway**.
  1. Select your Dedicated Cloud Gateway.

>   1. Select the **Data Plane Nodes** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Click the **Data Plane Nodes** tab.
```

  1. Verify that the number of data planes meets your organization's minimum redundancy and scale requirements. Compare these numbers with initial sizing discussions.
  1. Verify that data plane nodes have the following statuses:
     * **Connected:** `Connected`
     * **Sync Status:** `In Sync`
     * **Errors:** None

>   1. Select the **Control Plane Logs** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Click the **Control Plane Logs** tab.
```

{% details %}
summary: "**How to verify in {{site.konnect_short_name}}**"
content: |
  1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, click **API Gateway**.
  2. Select your Dedicated Cloud Gateway.

>   3. Select the **Gateway Services** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Click the **Gateway Services** tab.
```

  4. To verify production Service configuration, do the following:
     1. Click a Service that is intended for production traffic.
     2. Click the **Configuration** tab.
     3. Verify that your Service upstream URLs, health checks, and load balancing configurations are accurate. 
     4. Repeat these steps for all production Services.

>   5. Select the **Routes** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Click the **Routes** tab.
```

  6. To verify production Route configuration, do the following:
     1. Click a Route that is intended for production traffic.
     2. Click the **Configuration** tab.
     3. Verify that your Route host, path, and methods correctly map to the corresponding Services. 
     4. If you're using TLS/SSL, verify that these are configured correctly with [Certificates or SNIs associated with the Route](/gateway/entities/route/#tls-route-configuration).
     5. Repeat these steps for all production Routes.

>   7. Select the **Plugins** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  7. Click the **Plugins** tab.
```

**Explanation:**
In the unlikely event of a compromise or misconfiguration, you can rapidly isolate traffic from Dedicated Cloud Gateway:

> * Transit gateway or VPC peering detachment: Remove or disable the transit gateway or VPC peering attachment for Dedicated Cloud Gateway VPCs in {{site.konnect_short_name}} by navigating to **API Gateway** > **Networks** and select "Delete" from the more options menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transit gateway or VPC peering detachment: Remove or disable the transit gateway or VPC peering attachment for Dedicated Cloud Gateway VPCs in {{site.konnect_short_name}} by navigating to **API Gateway**  > your Gateway > **Networks** and selecting "Delete" from the action menu.
```

{% details %}
summary: "**How to verify in {{site.konnect_short_name}}**"
content: |
  1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, click **API Gateway**.
  1. Select your Dedicated Cloud Gateway.
  1. On your Dedicated Cloud Gateway overview, verify that analytics like latency and error rate are collected.

>   1. Select the **Control Plane Logs** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Click the **Control Plane Logs** tab.
```
